feat(TreeView): add count prop to TreeView.SubTree (#2455)
primer/react: docs/content/TreeView.mdx

      </>
    }
  />
  <PropsTableRow
    name="count"
    type="number"

>     description="Display a skeleton loading state with the specified count of items"

Reviewer: "Display a skeleton loading state" makes me think that if the count is defined it will render a loading state. Maybe we should specify that the skeleton loading state is only rendered when the count is defined AND the state is "loading.".

```suggestion
    description="The number of items expected to be in the subtree. When in the loading state, the subtree will render a skeleton loading placeholder with the specified count of items"
```
